757 readme (#799)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-analyzer: docs/vpcanalyzer_lint.md

## vpcanalyzer lint

> provides a detailed report of potential issues in the given VPC configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a detailed report of potential issues in the given VPC configuration
```

### Synopsis

The following linters are supported:

| Name                            | Description                                                                              |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **nacl-split-subnet**           | Network ACLs implying different connectivity for endpoints inside a subnet               | 
| **sg-split-subnet**             | SGs implying different connectivity for endpoints inside a subnet                        |  
| **subnet-cidr-overlap**         | Overlapping subnet address spaces                                                        |  
| **nacl-unattached**             | Network ACL not applied to any resources                                                 |  
| **sg-unattached**               | SG not applied to any resources                                                          |  

> | **sg-rule-cidr-out-of-range**   | rules of security groups that reference CIDRs not in the relevant VPC address range      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **sg-rule-cidr-out-of-range**   | Security-group rules referencing CIDRs outside of the VPC address space    |
```

Author: I copied the text here from the linters descriptions - and will copy back every change we end doing from README to the description in the code

Author: done (with "Security group")

> | **nacl-rule-cidr-out-of-range** | rules of network Network ACLs that reference CIDRs not in the relevant VPC address range |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **nacl-rule-cidr-out-of-range** | Network ACL rules referencing CIDRs outside of the VPC address space |
```

Author: done (with "Network-ACL")

| **tcp-response-blocked**        | Blocked TCP response                                                                     |

> | **nacl-rule-shadowed**          | rules of network Network ACLs that are shadowed by higher priority rules                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **nacl-rule-shadowed**          | Network ACL rules shadowed by higher priority rules                 |
```

Author: `Network ACL` or `Network-ACL` ?
We have it in several places and should be consistent
@kyorav @zivnevo

Reviewer 2: `Network ACL`

Author: @zivnevo agreed? Its 2 against one :-)

Author: Done  (with "Network ACL")

Reviewer: **TL;DR**: I don't really mind.

**Details**:
This is not the usual hyphen, it's a compound modifier. See [here](https://www.grammarbook.com/blog/definitions/punctuating-compounds-that-precede/), [here](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/hyphen-with-compound-modifiers/) and [here](https://fovndry.com/the-writers-block-a-hyphen-how-to/). So you should write `Security groups are great, but security-group rules are even better`.

Note that most places say that if there cannot be a confusion, the hyphen can be omitted (e.g., as in `chocolate chip cookies`). However, we are formalists who hate ambiguities. If there is a 1:1000 chance for someone to think that there exist a term such as "group rules", that can be either "security group-rules" or "access group-rules", we better make things straight.

Author: I prefer keeping it `security group` and `network ACL` - since these relies on constant in the code. ROI of keeping two constant for each is  very low.
I do not think there is even a 1:1000 chance of ambiguity here, assuming our tool will be used by persons who have some idea regarding VPC and its related constructs.

> | **sg-rule-implied**             | security group rules that are implied by other rules                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **sg-rule-implied**             | Security-group rules implied by other rules                                     |
```

Author: Same with here. `Security-group` or `Security Group`? 
Again, lets be consistent in all appearances (not just in the readme)

Reviewer 2: `Security Group`

Reviewer 2: Neither IBM nor AWS use a hyphen in "Security Group" or "Network ACL", hence my preference. They could have, but chose not to...?

Author: Done (with "Security group")

```
vpcanalyzer explain [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --disable strings         disable specific linters, specified as linter names separated by comma.

>                                 linters: sg-rule-implied,sg-split-subnet,subnet-cidr-overlap,nacl-unattached,sg-unattached,nacl-rule-cidr-out-of-range,nacl-split-subnet,sg-rule-cidr-out-of-range,tcp-response-blocked,nacl-rule-shadowed    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No need for this list here.

      --enable strings          enable specific linters, specified as linter names separated by comma.

>                                 linters: sg-rule-implied,sg-split-subnet,subnet-cidr-overlap,nacl-unattached,sg-unattached,nacl-rule-cidr-out-of-range,nacl-split-subnet,sg-rule-cidr-out-of-range,tcp-response-blocked,nacl-rule-shadowed    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

      --print-all               print all findings (do not limit findings of each linter to 3)

```

### Options inherited from parent commands
```
  -c, --config stringArray      file paths to input VPC configs, can pass multiple config files
      --dump-resources string   file path to store resources collected from the cloud provider
  -f, --filename string         file path to store results
  -o, --output string           output format; must be one of [json, txt, md, drawio, arch_drawio, svg, arch_svg, html, arch_html]
  -p, --provider string         collect resources from an account in this cloud provider
  -q, --quiet                   runs quietly, reports only severe errors and results
  -r, --region stringArray      cloud region from which to collect resources, can pass multiple regions
      --resource-group string   resource group id or name from which to collect resources
  -v, --verbose                 runs with more informative messages printed to log
      --vpc string              CRN of the VPC to analyze
```

### Example
```

> > go run analyzer lint -q -c input/input_tgw_larger_example.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> go run analyzer lint -q -c pkg/ibmvpc/examples/input/input_tgw_larger_example.json
```
